## How to Play A Comme Amour by Richard Clayderman on Guitar

  
# How to Play A Comme Amour by Richard Clayderman on Guitar
 
A Comme Amour is a beautiful piano piece composed by French pianist Richard Clayderman. It is one of his most popular and recognizable songs, and it has been covered by many artists around the world. But did you know that you can also play this song on guitar?
 
## a comme amour guitar tab pdf download


[**DOWNLOAD**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fshurll.com%2F2tK5uO&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw2jDNcYtB8im-40If9eT_Ql)

 
In this article, we will show you how to play A Comme Amour on guitar using tabs. Tabs are a simple way of writing music for guitar that show you where to place your fingers on the fretboard. You don't need to know how to read music notation to use tabs, but you do need to know how to tune your guitar and how to read some basic symbols.
 
Before we start, you will need a capo, which is a device that clamps onto the neck of your guitar and changes the pitch of the strings. You will need to place the capo on the first fret of your guitar for this song. This will make it easier to play some of the chords and notes.
 
Now, let's take a look at the tabs for A Comme Amour. We have divided the song into four sections: intro, verse, chorus, and outro. Each section has a different melody and chord progression, but they are all based on the same key of E minor. You can find the tabs for each section below, along with some tips and explanations.
 
## Intro
 
The intro is the first part of the song that sets the mood and introduces the main theme. It consists of four bars that repeat twice. The first two bars are played with an E minor chord, while the last two bars are played with a B7 chord. The B7 chord is a dominant chord that creates tension and leads to the resolution of the E minor chord.
 
The melody is played on the first string (the thinnest string) with some notes on the second string as well. The rhythm is mostly eighth notes (one note per beat) with some sixteenth notes (two notes per beat) for embellishment. You will need to use your index finger to play most of the notes on the first string, and your middle finger to play some of the notes on the second string. You will also need to use your ring finger and pinky finger to play some of the higher notes on the first string.
 
Here are the tabs for the intro:

    E|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
    B|-----0-----0-----|-----0-----0-----|-----0-----0-----|-----0-----0-----|
    G|---0---0-----0---|---0---0-----0---|---2---2-----2---|---2---2-----2---|
    D|-2-------2-------|-2-------2-------|-4-------4-------|-4-------4-------|
    A|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
    E|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
    
    E|-7-8-10-8-7-5-3-|-5-3-5-7-8-7-5-3-|-7-8-10-8-7-5-3-|-5h7p5p3---------|
    B|---------------5-|---------------5-|---------------5-|---------5h7p5p3-|
    G|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
    D|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
    A|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
    E|-----------------|-----------------|----------------- 0f148eb4a0
